docs: simplify README, fix incorrect LSP3 reference and improve Getting Started section (#431)
ERC725Alliance/erc725.js: docs/getting-started.md

:::

<a href="https://github.com/ERC725Alliance/erc725.js" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img style={{verticalAlign: 'middle'}} alt="github badge" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ERC725Alliance/erc725.js?logo=github&label=Github"/></a>
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@erc725/erc725.js" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img style={{verticalAlign: 'middle'}} alt="npm badge" src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@erc725/erc725.js.svg?style=flat&label=NPM&logo=npm"/></a>

<br/><br/>

The `@erc725/erc725.js` package allows you to retrieve, encode and decode data easily from any ERC725Y smart contracts using ERC725Y JSON Schemas.

## Installation

:::info

If you install it on the backend side, you may need to also install [`isomorphic-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/isomorphic-fetch).

:::

```bash
npm install @erc725/erc725.js
```

## Usage

> If you are using ES6 `import` statements in Node.js, make sure your file has a `.mjs` extension, or that your project is set up to support ES6 modules.

There are 3 main ways to use _erc725.js_.

> ### Option 1: using with schema only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 1: use schema for encoding / decoding data
```

Create an instance of `ERC725` with just a [schema](https://docs.lukso.tech/tools/erc725js/schemas): **useful for just encoding / decoding data.**

```js
import ERC725, { ERC725JSONSchema } from '@erc725/erc725.js';

const schemas: ERC725JSONSchema[] = [
  {
    name: 'LSP3Profile',
    key: '0x5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acdce616347d28e90c7ce47cbfcfcad3bc5',
    keyType: 'Singleton',
    valueType: 'bytes',
    valueContent: 'VerifiableURI',
  },
];

const erc725 = new ERC725(schemas);
```

> ### Option 2: connect a contract to fetch + decode data from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 2: connect to a smart contract to fetch + decode data from this contract
```

    valueContent: 'Address',
  },
];
const address = '0x0Dc07C77985fE31996Ed612F568eb441afe5768D';
const RPC_URL = 'https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network';
const config = {
  ipfsGateway: 'https://YOUR-IPFS-GATEWAY/ipfs/',
  gas: 20_000_000, // optional, default is 1_000_000
};

const erc725 = new ERC725(schemas, address, RPC_URL, config);
```

> ### Option 3: use only specific functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option 3: use specific functions or static methods 
```

> You can import only specific functions (or using static methods of the `ERC725` class): **useful when needing only specific functionalities for your dApp (_e.g:_ decoding `VerifiableURI`, encoding dynamic keys).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import specific functions or static methods of the `ERC725` class: **useful to add specific functionalities to your dApp (_e.g:_ decoding `VerifiableURI`, encoding dynamic keys).**
```
